>> Jen Kramer: One last thing
that I'd like to add to this.
I'd like to add the ability
to reorder a row.
So what if I wanted to take this,
let's say this first row here,
which is currently Boston cream pie,
coconut cream pie and key lime pie,
pumpkin pie, basically alphabetical order.
What if I wanted to reverse
the order of those,
and have pumpkin pie first,
and Boston cream pie last?
Is there a way I can do that?
There's actually two
approaches you could use.
Does anybody have any suggestions?
>> off screen: Row
reverse
>> Jen Kramer: So
row reverse would be
one possible solution.
And what would be the other possible
solution?
>> off screen: Order.
>> Jen Kramer: Order on each
individual cell.
Which is better?
>> off screen: Row reverse.
>> Jen Kramer: It depends.
[LAUGH] It depends, your $1000,
zillion dollar consulting phrase.
So if we really,
truly do wanna just reverse it from
the current order to the reverse order,
we can do it pretty simply with a single
class just using row reverse, right?
Or, we could use four different
classes to reorder it, right?
So it just sort of depends on what
you're doing with your code and
ultimately the layout that you're gonna
have at various break points as to
which will be the better way to go.
So, since we've done stuff with order,
let's try to write a class then that
will go ahead and reverse that row.
So let's go on head and do that.
Let's make this class just for
desktop only.
So what might
I call this particular class?
>> off screen: Reverse.
>> Jen Kramer: Call the class reverse,
because that's what it does.
Great idea.
And then what would be the property value
pair that I would put in here for reverse?
Anyone have any suggestions?
Look at your cheat sheets.
>> Jen Kramer: Look at that cheat sheet,
what would I put in?
Anybody, but Peter.
>> off screen: Flex-direction?
>> Jen Kramer: Flex-direction,
flex hyphen direction, and
this time we're going to say what?
Row reverse
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
and then where would I apply
this particular class in my
HTML?
>> Jen Kramer: Where would
I apply the reverse class in my HTML?
>> off screen: Be on the row.
>> Jen Kramer: It would be on the row,
correct, right.
Because it's a parent, as you see here
on your cheat sheet, it is a parent
property not a child property, so
it will go on the parent here.
So reverse, and if we did that,
and we refresh our page,
hopefully we would see the reverse.
Did it worked, did I save everything?
>> Jen Kramer: Too small for
me to see.
>> Jen Kramer: It helps if you put it on
the correct row, sorry.
Row 1, reverse.
I put it on row five and expected row one
to change, shockingly, that did not work.
Okay, so let's refresh.
There we go.
We have an interesting
problem going on here.
Does anyone see the problem?
>> off screen: Shifted.
Alignment.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, look at this.
Are you designers happy?
No?
What could we do to fix this?
What should we do to fix this problem?
>> off screen: Justify content?
>> Jen Kramer: We could justify
the content, but
what is causing this problem?
What causes this problem up here?
>> off screen: A margin
being overridden.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, so
we put the margin on the left, correct?
So the margin's on the left.
>> Jen Kramer: Twice.
Okay so what we can do here then is in our
CSS we can say this, margin,
hyphen left is zero, margin-right is
4%
>> Jen Kramer: Now
when we refresh it's still not working.
[COUGH] Let's see what did I do?
I did this.
>> Jen Kramer: [class*= 'col-1'].
>> Jen Kramer: There we go.
Okay, so remember that the margin's
actually on the item, right?
That's what's going on here.
So if you go up here at the top,
the row is what we have to reorder, right?
But the margin is actually
associated with the individual item.
So what we've done here then is,
and actually,
we should probably break that
into two classes shouldn't we?
Which should have a reverse class,
which is that cuz that's the parent.
And then we should say reverse this thing.
>> Jen Kramer: Makes sense?
So there's the parent, we reverse
the parent, and then we are gonna
change around the margin on the two
children to make that work, right?
So if you save that and then refresh
the back, now it's gonna work.
There we go.